Tenant cluster labelling gsctl (#481)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/gsctl/list-clusters.md

## Argument reference

> - `--output` or `-o`: Using this flag with the value `json`, the output can be printed in JSON format. This is convenient for use in automation. JSON representation additionally contains user defined cluster labels for clusters with release version 10.0.0 and above on AWS. The default output format is `table`, which results in an output like shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--output` or `-o`: Using this flag with the value `json`, the output can be printed in JSON format. This is convenient for use in automation. JSON representation additionally contains user defined cluster labels for clusters with release version {{% first_aws_nodepools_version %}} and above on AWS. The default output format is `table`, which results in an output like shown above.
```

I just recalled that we have a shortcode to avoid duplicating this bit of information.

Author: Very nice! Adding this :+1:

- `--show-deleting`: Set this flag to also list clusters that are currently being deleted and add a `DELETING SINCE` column. Has no effect with `--output json`, as JSON output contains all clusters, deleted or not.
- `--selector` or `-l`: Label selector query to filter clusters on.
Accepts a single string containing multiple selector requirements which are comma-separated.
In the case of multiple requirements, all must be satisfied so the comma separator acts as a logical AND (&&) operator.

> This feature is only available for clusters with release version 10.0.0 and above on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only available for clusters with release version {{% first_aws_nodepools_version %}} and above on AWS.
```
